
Since 2026
Since 2025
Since 2022
Custom range...
Sort by relevance
Sort by date
Any type
Review articles
[PDF] waldenu.edu
Social media analytics use among small business owners
M White - 2022 - search.proquest.com
… small business owners perceived social media analytics as beneficial for their business,
analytic dashboards … whether and why small business owners use social media analytics. The …
Save Cite Cited by 4 Related articles All 2 versions
[PDF] stwilfredscollege.co.in
[PDF] Use of Social Media Analytics for Business Intelligence and Decision-Making in Small Businesses
YP Patil - stwilfredscollege.co.in
… literacy, user-friendly dashboards, and accessible training programs that can empower
small businesses to make informed, data- driven choices in a rapidly changing digital market. …
Save Cite Related articles 
[PDF] researchgate.net
[PDF] Igniting the Power of Social Media Analytics for Business Development and Growth
S Lakshmi, R Kiruthiga, S Murali - International Journal of Computer … - researchgate.net
… The company dashboards used to be decorated with some data … etc are visualized on the
dashboard itself. According to the … Mapping social media analytics for small business: A case …
Save Cite Related articles 
[BOOK] The Data Analytics Advantage: Strategies and Insights to Understand Social Media Content and Audiences
L Khan - 2025 - books.google.com
… students to thrive in social media analytics, highlighting the … how design thinking can
enhance dashboards and reports, … Whether you are a small business owner, a rising influencer, …
Save Cite Cited by 1 Related articles All 2 versions
[PDF] emerald.com
Social media analytics and its applications in marketing
S Moon, D Iacobucci - Foundations and Trends® in Marketing, 2022 - emerald.com
… less has been said about social media analytics. Thus, much of … Second, we concentrate
on social media analytics in … Third, we summarize common tools for social media analytics in …
Save Cite Cited by 38 Related articles All 5 versions
[PDF] researchgate.net
[PDF] Social Media Analytics: Analyzing User Engagement and Marketing Strategies across Popular Platforms
D Elango, Y Sithambalam - Journal of Research and …, 2025 - researchgate.net
… social media analytics results are all difficulties that come with employing social media analytics
(… This secondary research's objective is to investigate how social media analytics may be …
Save Cite Cited by 3 Related articles All 5 versions 
Data-Driven Decisions: How Integrated Machine Learning and Visual Dashboards are Transforming Business
K Alfatmi, S Chaitanya, A Ashiya… - 2024 15th …, 2024 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
… A review of the literature is given in Section 2, wherein social media analytics and … 3, along
with how the data visualisation dashboards and cutting-edge machine learning techniques …
Save Cite Cited by 2 Related articles
[PDF] researchgate.net
[PDF] Social Media Analytics
V Acharya, V Arya, P Gupta - researchgate.net
… Highly customisable dashboard can have room for visualisation of any data with widgets.
Its goal is to provide insight for social media for individuals and small businesses. Primary …
Save Cite Related articles 
The development of business intelligence dashboard for monitoring quality in higher education institutions in Saudi Arabia including sentiment analysis from social …
A Sorour, AS Atkins, C Stanier, F Alharbi… - Inted2022 …, 2022 - library.iated.org
… -BI dashboards and the factors that are required to be monitored for Quality Assurance. Social
Media analytics … The developed dashboard presents social media analytics and supports …
Save Cite Cited by 6 Related articles
[PDF] researchgate.net
[PDF] The social intelligence nexus: Leveraging social media analytics for comprehensive brand performance optimization